feat(bin): let cuttlefish read env var (#4195)
emqx/emqx: deploy/docker/README.md

Use the environment variable to configure the EMQ X docker container.

> By default, the environment variables which with ``EMQX_`` prefix are mapped to configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the environment variables with ``EMQX_`` prefix are mapped to key-value pairs in configuration files.
```

> By default, the environment variables which with ``EMQX_`` prefix are mapped to key-value pairs in configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the environment variables with ``EMQX_`` prefix are mapped to key-value pairs in configuration files.
```
